content/project/yami/index.md, before:

---
# Documentation: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/managing-content/

title: "Yet Another Model Inference (YAMI)"
summary: "YAMI is a simple tool to learn usage models from execution traces contained in application logs."
authors: []
tags: []
categories: []
date: 2017-08-31

# Optional external URL for project (replaces project detail page).
external_link: "https://github.com/xdevroey/yami"

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder.
# Focal points: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight.
image:
  caption: ""
  focal_point: ""
  preview_only: false

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment and edit lines below to show custom links.
# links:
# - name: Follow
#   url: https://twitter.com
#   icon_pack: fab
#   icon: twitter

url_code: ""
url_pdf: ""
url_slides: ""
url_video: ""

# Slides (optional).
#   Associate this project with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides = "example-slides"` references `content/slides/example-slides.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides = ""`.
slides: ""
---

Commit message:

first version with all content

content/project/yami/index.md, after:

---
# Documentation: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/managing-content/

title: "Yet Another Model Inference (YAMI)"
summary: "YAMI is a simple tool to learn usage models from execution traces contained in application logs."
authors: []
tags: ["Statistical Testing", "Prioritization"]
categories: [Internal]
date: 2017-08-30

# Optional external URL for project (replaces project detail page).
external_link: ""

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder.
# Focal points: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight.
image:
  caption: ""
  focal_point: ""
  preview_only: false

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment and edit lines below to show custom links.
# links:
# - name: Follow
#   url: https://twitter.com
#   icon_pack: fab
#   icon: twitter

url_code: "https://github.com/xdevroey/yami"
url_pdf: ""
url_slides: ""
url_video: ""

# Slides (optional).
#   Associate this project with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides = "example-slides"` references `content/slides/example-slides.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides = ""`.
slides: ""
---

Usage models represents the usage scenarios of the software as well as their probability. This allows one to determine the relative importance of execution scenarios (with respect to other). This project explores the possibility to reverse engineer usage models based on execution traces contained in application logs.
